IGNITE-26064 Update metric log exporter config params (#6417)
apache/ignite-3: docs/_docs/administrators-guide/metrics/configuring-metrics.adoc

image::images/jmc-metrics.png[]

=== Log Exporter

Log exporter writes metrics data to the application log, so they can be consumed by log collectors or inspected manually. To configure it, use the following parameters:

[cols="30%,60%,10%",opts="header"]
|===
|Name
|Description
|Default value

|periodMillis|Export interval for the metrics, in milliseconds.|30000
|oneLinePerMetricSource|Define whether to print all metrics from one metric source on a single log line.|true

> |enabledMetrics|List of enabled metric sources. If this list is non-empty, only the listed metric sources will be printed, all others will be skipped. A wildcard can be used to match a prefix (for example, `jvm.*`).|true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|enabledMetrics|List of enabled metric sources. If this list is non-empty, only the listed metric sources will be printed, all others will be skipped. A wildcard can be used to match a prefix (for example, `jvm.*`). By default, the metrics of some background activities are printed. |"metastorage", "placement-driver", "resource.vacuum"
```
